QUE : What is PYTHON and Name Some of the Features of Python.
ANS :  Python is a dynamic, high level, free open source and interpreted programming language.
 It support object-oriented programming as well as procedural oriented programming. 

#Python is currently the most demanded programming language in the market. Python has many features such as...

1)  Easy to Learn
2)  High-Level Programming Language
3)  Portable
4)  Expressive
5)  Object Oriented Programming
6)  Free and Open Source
7)  Interpreted
8)  Extensible
9)  Embeddable
10)Large and Standard Library
11)GUI programming
12)Dynamically Typed

1) Easy To Learn :
--Python is easy to learn as the coding is not very difficult and seems like simple English language. This makes it readable and easier to write a programme.

2)High-Level Programming Language :
--Python is a high-level programming language which means there is no need to memorize the system architecture. There is also no requirement to manage memory.

3)Portable :
--Python programming can be written on a machine and worked on any machine without changing.

4)Expressive :
--Python is more expressive than other languages. Python helps you give your focus on the solution rather than investing the mind on the Syntax.

5)Object Oriented Programming :
--Python is known as Object Oriented programming language because it can model the real world. Python basically focuses on an object and combines functions and data.

6)Free and Open Sources :
--Python programming language can be downloaded freely. It is an open source, which means the public has access to the source code.

7)Interpreted :
-- In Python, there is no requirement of compiling it before running it. In Python, there is a conversion of the source code to a form that is called bytecode.

8)Extensible :

--Python can be extended to other languages which make it extensible language.  Which means other language codes can be used in python.



9)Embeddable :

--Embeddable means we can also put our Python code in different languages source code, like C++. 

10)Large Standard Library :

--Python has a large library inbuilt that can be used while you are coding a programme so that you don’t have to write your own code for every single thing.



11)GUI Programming :
--
In Python, you can create basic GUI’s ( Graphical user interface ) by using Tk.



12)Dynamically Typed :
--
Python is dynamically-typed. This implies the Type of variable is checked at runtime.
